docs: adds note about crd upgrade (#642)
kubernetes-sigs/secrets-store-csi-driver: docs/book/src/getting-started/upgrades.md

This page includes instructions for upgrading the driver to the latest version.

> >**NOTE**: CRDs are moved to `crds` directory. Helm hooks are added to `pre-install` and `pre-upgrade` crds. This hook pod will only run on _linux_ nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE**: [CustomResourceDefinitions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/) (CRDs) have been moved from `templates` to `crds` directory in the helm charts. To manage the lifecycle of the CRDs during install/upgrade, helm `pre-install` and `pre-upgrade` hook has been added. This hook will create a pod that runs only on **linux** nodes and deploys the CRDs in the Kubernetes cluster.
```
